(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Maybe it's a vision to learn from each other how we do it. Because you can't do, say, oh, that's our system, we're going to put it here in Kenya. I think it won't work.

Because every region has its own identity, has its own culture. We must respect each other, I think. But we can learn about it.

One of our items is, in certain regions, we have too much tourism. That's why we limited the cruise ships. Limited the cruise ships to a maximum of two in a day.

At a time when we have four, and really, Peru was flooded by tourism. That's not a good idea. This kind of things, we can do that.

And if you visit the old town, I saw the last time, three years ago, we are renovating it, old houses. We have here an amazing history. With the Portuguese forts.

And there's all kind of things that the tourists want to visit and want to see. That's, I think, at the tourist level, we can learn from each other. But we have, of course, a lot of expertise in digital, in data, et cetera, et cetera.

But Mombasa and the U.S. is totally different. But, of course, the tourists, if the agency of Mombasa, of tourists, is able to come to Las Palmas, to learn, to exchange some ideas, they are always welcome. Now, I'm looking at, when we go back to the conversation between the Flanders Marine Institute and Kenya Marine Fisheries Research Institute.

And, honestly, the reason I'm sitting here is because I'm a young person. I am a representation of so many young people here in Mombasa. And one thing young people love, we are very, I want to say we are a very narcissistic group.

In a positive way. We want to be involved. We want to be included.

And that means we push innovation beyond our limits. I mean, we have the brightest minds. We have the most fascinating people.

And let alone in this amphitheater alone. Before we even get out of this kit. So, I would love to know the different, if there are any, youth-initiated projects that have been birthed from these collaborations.

And we would love to get to hear such stories. Share any story, any experience, or anything that you have to show that young people have developed something. And this collaboration has pushed it out there.

Yeah, that's difficult to explain. Like I said in my introduction, everybody here in the room has a talent. Has an ambition.

Someone wants to be, I don't know, a footballer. Or a carpenter. Or a scientist.

I don't know. But if you have the talent. And if you have a dream.

And you have the will. I'm sure you can have it. And then, in Belgium, but also here, that's also this magnificent project.

Then you can have the support of an organization to help you. And that's also, if I see the room with all the computers to introduce digitalization. Because without digitalization, you are lost.

Also, close the gap. If you know this organization, close the gap. You know, everybody knows close the gap.

Okay. It's also in Belgium. With reversion computers.

They made from an old computer, a new one. And under this price. To give everybody a chance that.

And then you have common rules. And like here, to be together, exchanges IDs. And maybe one ID can lead to a startup.

And then we have also programs to support the startups. And if the startups are successful. You can become an entrepreneur.

There's all this kind of projects. Also, I think, also the European Union is supporting this kind of projects. Also here in Kenya.

And I think that must be looking forward to do that. And if we can give you some information about this possible or not. I'm glad to do it.

But it's also maybe interesting to interview Paris. Because she did it. Yeah.

And also the two professors. Like Jan, he was coming here as a young guy. Now he is a director.

We have a lot of contacts. He has seen a lot of startups. That's maybe interesting to learn from them.

To listen to them. Because I'm only the chairman and the governor. When I was born, I had no dream that I would become a governor.

It is by coincidence. And every coincidence thereof, you must take it. And the big ambition is work.

Be positive. Working. And have good friends.

That's also very important. Have good friends. And support each other.

In the community. That's very important. And then I believe you should be successful.

I would love to, if I have permission, to be a bit controversial. I have a controversial question. Are you going to answer it? We shall see.

Now, I would love to inform you guys that Carl Dekadu, is that correct? Has been governor of West Flanders since 2012. And I want to bring that into perspective. I personally, in 2012, I'm not going to say where I was for gangsta for example.

Kevo, will you go out in 2012? Class 7? Yeah. And Kevo Nesno is head of photography at Solidarity Foundation. Can you first clap for the development? Yeah.

2012 to 2026, that is 14 years. We're almost 14th year of you as governor of West Flanders. Now there's an ongoing conversation in not just Africa alone, but especially in the East Africa region.

I don't believe I'm able to share the details of what I want to talk about. But we have a neighboring country that has a president for the longest time. And we have entities.

We have structural entities that have existed for a very long time. And my question isn't even questioning the length of time of the grant. Now we have here young people that want to be included in leadership.

Specifically in your area of learning. How are young people included in the visibility, decision-making, and leadership for daily concerns for that issue for the people there? You didn't mention the name of the country where the last week where the elections and the president won for the 7th time. I am too young to remember.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can also remember the name of the country and the president. But no, let's make a joke.

I think here in Kenya, I think it's the only democracy, real democracy in Africa. Because every time after the elections, you have Kenyatta, you have Ruto, now and the next I don't know. And that's making the country interesting for also foreigners.

Yes. Because it's stable. And for me, as a young people, you must respect the democracy.

You can vote. Sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose.

But that's a strong point of democracy. And I think you must believe in democracy. You must, if you, I don't know, you must go to vote or you're not going to vote.

Apologies, apologies. Yes. I thought the bodyguards of the government was coming.

But I think it's, you must believe in it and the participation. If you believe in it, you can only believe in it when leadership. That's also for me.

You must listen to the people. And explain things. Not everything what the people want is possible to realize.

You must know that. If last week there were elections, I'll give you one example. Last week there was elections in Portugal.

And one of the candidates for president said, if I won, every Portuguese gets from me a Ferrari. Yeah. He gets 0.3% of the votes.

Nobody believes it. I think the real thing is, if you promise it, you must realize it. Because politics is not black and white.

Yes. But you must explain to the people. I promised something, but okay, it's not possible now, but maybe in three years.

Explain it, step by step. And that's making the connection with people. And especially with the young people.

Overall, in the world, there are some problems with young people. They said, oh, we have no future, et cetera, et cetera. You see it all over the world.

If you believe in the future, you've got the future. But of course, then, you must believe that your leaders should also listen to you. And explain things.

And that's very important. That's my message. Believe in everybody.

Make connection in your community. Try to get in contact socially with people all over the world to support each other. And that's very important.

And maybe once you're lucky and you get a chance to mention it. A very important word in the Swahili Quarter Foundation dictionary is opportunity. Yeah.

We love that word, opportunity. I personally love opportunity. So, when we're looking at the collaboration that we are talking about in this conversation, what are the readily available opportunities for any young person who is sitting in this crowd? Just anyone in general who has an account here in Kenya? What opportunities are there for them to better themselves? Not just in this new economy, but present, because Kenya and Belgium have a working relationship.

What I see now, because I'm already a lawyer, but if I see in Kenya the digitalization, I think it's more advanced than some in Belgium. In Kenya, you pay everywhere with the iPhone. In Belgium, okay, but I see it everywhere.

I think in digitalization, there are a lot of opportunities for young people to be creative. And one lesson is, I think 30 or 35 years ago, or 40 years ago, I don't know, but it's the same. When you have a dream and you believe in something, like Bill Gates, he started his company in his garage.

And then he must be lucky. If you have a good idea, try to talk with an entrepreneur. Look if it is possible with a small business plan or not.

And then I hope that it's good. Maybe from the 10 ideas, one idea is coming out, and it's successful. I believe in digitalization, there are a lot of opportunities, especially for people who are very creative.

I think there is really possibilities. But I'm an old man. For this kind of creativity, I'm not interested.

I'd love to correct you. In Kenya nowadays, the 50s, don't call yourself old. We are very accommodating.

Inclusivity. Oh, see, I'm inclusive, yeah. Now, I would love to wrap up this talk.

But first, talk to us. What does the future look like in terms of our collaborations, not just for the young people, but where does this relationship take us in the next 5, 10, 15 years? I hope that's also a dream. To deepen our relationship, our friendship, our collaboration.

And I think yesterday, Jan told us, for a PhD, we've got a great new one for Kenyans who are coming to Austin. And maybe you're going to take also contact with some schools in Belgium, because we have some high schools, and they have connections all over the world. Cooking schools, et cetera, et cetera.

Also an exchange of people. And then a scholarship or something else. Maybe there are possibilities.

And my dream is to deepen our relation, our collaboration. Not to come here and to say it must be you or that. That's not the question.

But to exchange people. And I think all the people here in the room are very creative. And also very polite, because if you do that in Belgium with so many people, there's a lot of noise.

And all of your society are listening. That's fantastic. That's fantastic.

We are not used to that. That's fantastic. Because my dream is really that our collaboration is going in the next 10 years deeper and deeper and intenser than it is.

Amazing. One last message to the young people. They must also ask questions from these guys.

Yes, yes, yes. We shall answer their question. But first.

One message to young people. Talk to us. Just one takeaway that we should get from you.

From your visit. From what you're trying to do. Speak to us.

Be creative. Think. Talk to each other.

Have a dream. And try to realize your dream with the support of people here. Yes.

I'm sure that if you have a dream, it must be possible to realize it. Yes. That's only what I can say.

And a fantastic group here. All young people. People who are really involved in it.

Because if you're not involved in something, you don't come to here to swipe your wallet. And this platform is for me, it's amazing. It doesn't exist in Belgium, such a kind of platform.

That's my lesson. Because we have also a lot of problems in our country. That's my lesson.

Create also such a kind of platform like SwahiliPulse. And then you give again the youth and people the chances. And give them again the opportunity.

Amazing. I would love to open the floor to any young person in the crowd who has a question for Kania. Just raise your hand.

And we're going to come to you. We're going to take three questions. If the DJ comes, he's on mic duty.

Any question? Yes. Raise your hand again for them to see you. Good morning, everyone.

Good morning. So my name is Ayelen. And we are here at SwahiliPulse.

We are currently training on the cruise ship jobs and also on application. So I heard you're from a coastal town in Belgium. Which means you also know about the cruises and information that you tend to receive two or three in a day.

So as Kenyans here who are training to do those jobs as a way to make a living for ourselves and to build the country. Is there a way for you as a country or as the Schengen Union? Because we also have those kind of interviews. Is there a way you can guide us or tell us the do's and don'ts? And the kind of things.

The things to study, the things to look out for. For those kind of jobs, yeah. Yeah.

I can't say directly in my head that there are a lot of programs. There's also European programs between the EU and Kenya. And I think maybe we can look for some documentation.

And we can send it to Olivier or to Mahmoud. To look at what kind of programs exist to study in Europe. Or to have a scholarship, et cetera, et cetera.

There are existing programs. That's the first thing. Second thing, and I told it this morning in an interview.

These are all young people. Europe is an old continent. There are more people who are going to be retired than young people are coming in.

It's maybe strange what I said, but in our country we have nearly no unemployment. We can't find people. If you need a carpenter to fix something in your house, you must pray to God that he is coming.

Because there is no way. My son is a carpenter, and if I have something at my home, I say, Dad, the next week is going to be difficult, et cetera, et cetera. He says, it's urgent.

And that's a chance. If we know what we need. And here, there are some people, okay, there's a year unemployment.

But everybody has a balance. And I think that programs, exchanging must be possible. A good migration must be possible.

And at the time, we have a lot of migration of people who are supporting us in the nursery, et cetera, et cetera. We are looking for nurses. People who are working in the clinics, et cetera, et cetera.

We are looking for it. We can't find it. More and more people from also Africa, I don't know Kenya, but also from India, are coming to our hospitals to support us.

Because we have no young people to do that. And that's an opportunity for young people like you. And what we see is it's going good.

After 10, 15 years, they're coming back like we see with the Polish people. They're coming back because the economy is growing better and better in their country. And they're supporting in their country.

That must be a possibility. But I'm going to look for the programs. I'm going to send it to all of you.

Any other question? The greatest problem that we have as a nation is this thing called unemployment. And this is coming from a young person who is employed by the organization. Something so beautiful.

And a lot of us have been given opportunities by the organization. And we are empowered. As per a previous statement, you said that you do not have platforms like Sony LeCoultre FM.

And so, in the spirit of us being empowered, and you being in a position of power, are you willing to kindly, a few of us, take us back home and start at the same place? So that we empower you. Thank you. Another thing.

The thing I love about you guys coming here is the fact that you guys keep on saying that you get people from care. They go to nursing jobs. But other than nursing jobs, there are other platforms that require people.

Are you also going to create a platform where, through Sony LeCoultre FM, you get more of us? And since you say that you guys do not have a problem with unemployment, you can use to an employer. Yes. Yeah, that's correct what you said.

But that's a big difference. I explained this morning. The position of a governor in Belgium is totally different than the position of a governor in other countries.

There's one big difference. I'm nominated and not elected. That's a big difference.

I'm nominated, but not elected. I think the governor here is elected. That's a big difference.

It's a politician. I'm not. But I understand what you're asking.

But in my province, we have no competence. That's for the original level. That's for France.

But one of my friends in the government is a minister for social economy. And I'm going to present the example here. And we shall see what the nation can do.

But I understand what you are asking. But it's not in my power. I'm going to ask you to a foreign minister on a Flemish level, because it's the competence of them.

I like this kind of platforms in all different ways, because it's bringing people together. And I think it's very good. That's only what I can answer.

I cannot promise anything. But the only promise I do, I'm going to ask you to a foreign minister. Amazing.

One last question. Yes, please. Hello.

My name is Mary Mayena. Thank you, Governor. We might not be preview of the MOU.

But my question is, since you are inviting it now, is there a conversation around climate change impact in relation to blue economy? Because you mentioned about the nexus between the blue economy and a lot of issues that have worked or not worked. Could you mention if there has been a challenge, as an example, with climate change? Because when we discussed blue economy in the coastal conversation, around the fish counts, reducing, and all those challenges, were those some of the things that were put in place as focus points when developing the new MOU? Thank you. Well, it's of course that I think the Honorable can explain that much, much better than me.

But there is of course a relation between climate change and blue economy. I'll give you one example, maybe related here to the Kenyan coast. The mangroves.

The mangroves at the time, they lost a lot of mangroves. Mangroves are good for two things, I think. Or maybe for three, but I remember only two.

That's good for the coastal protection. I remember when there was a tsunami years and years ago. The tsunami was arriving here.

And there was also some deaths on the Kenyan coast. And all in support of this, we tried to reinstall new mangroves in the Kenyan coast for the protection of the coast. The second thing is the climate change is horrible.

That's also an interesting thing. They take carbon out of the air. That's also good for climate change.

There is a direct relation between a lot of things, between climate change and blue economy. And that's why I said, if you can find relations between all these kind of things, the next step is to get a start-up. And the next step is to be a factory.

We have in our province, but it's not blue economy. We have a company who capture all carbon. All over the country.

That was founded by a Dutchman. Now he is a leader in Europe. Again, it is possible to have dreams.

But if you need big investments, then you need the support of your government, of your province, of your community. But there is a relation. But I hope that Jan or Colin can explain you more in detail.

Because I'm not a scientist. Amazing. Yes.

Yes. I'm taking over the microphone here. It's a big one.

I'm looking at your community and our community as more or less the same form of infrastructure as a coastal city, right? This is a coastal city. I also wanted to look at how we can make this possible. The young man there spoke about the big world.

How we can make this possible. And one of the sectors that has been tried has been the creative arts. Creative arts.

So I just wanted to pick your mind. We know the locals. We know the locals.

We understand about your bias on blue economy. Which actually is doing us very good here in Mombasa. Especially the young people.

But if you look at the statistics within Mombasa, within the creative sector, we have lots of youth who are actually living in vibrant scale. So I just wanted to pick your mind on how it is in Belgium and how we can get together and partner. Just talk about tourism.

Because the end game is especially for coastal cities. It's bringing the numbers. You're talking about 8 million a day in Belgium.

What can we do to actually boost the numbers? Of course, market our heritage sites, speak about our culture. We can only do that through our creativity. So our purpose and intention of actually pushing this sector is to see to it that the end game is to bring the numbers to Mombasa.

In essence, you can only come to a place or go to a place where you have a clear picture of what it is. So what we're doing is merge culture through our creativity and our heritage sites and communicate this through technology where now the computers and everything else will actually assist us to reach the world. So I just wanted to pick your mind on that so that we see how we can come together and push the wheels together.

Thank you. That's very good. I believe very strongly that I'm not totally not a specialist in digitalization, but if you at the time, 20 or 25 years, you must create a branding of Mombasa.

It costs a huge amount of money. Advertising all over the world, that's not possible. But now that all kinds of social media, it's not creating, it is possible.

And that's why digitalize must think, must be creative, to search things, to brand Mombasa all over the world.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)