(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Demonstration here. Demonstration here from the same perspective. This is Falkland. 

This is your country. Why is it a hotel? It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.

Doesn't matter? Doesn't matter. Okay, just like the level of amenities and everything is high. That's a problem.

It's a problem. You should just log in. It takes him to his dashboard.

His dashboard. Where he can just post. Yeah. 

Yeah. Yes. Yes. 

Yes. Exactly. Okay. 

Okay, then after that Marketplace. Okay, explore the marketplace. This is supposed to be the buyer.

He's supposed to just come and explore. Community. Communities. 

Yeah, it's simple. Communities. As the buyer.

Graphic design. On the buyer first. Oh, no.

And it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be. Then The settings.

Then There's no problem. As long as the idea You can do it. You can. 

And if it works. Say it reaches 10 people. You can now just do it.

Legacy. Legacy. Legacy.

Legacy. Legacy. System development.

So Dashboard. Then I think that's it. That's the thing that's missing.

It looks very neat. Dashboard. Dashboard.

That is for the buyer. That is for the buyer. Thank you.

It's for the buyer. It's not for the seller. It's not for the seller.

But maybe You will do that to his dashboard. You need to tell the buyer Let him have his dashboard. He can get everything.

Like Akikad Akikad community Akikad Akikad Akikad Anytime anytime, even if we create an app and create a dashboard, people will open that app because it's a dashboard people will not open, most of the buyers, most of the sellers will open that app mostly because it has a dashboard that I can see what's going on with my business, right? exactly, that's what a seller does for now, you have been very neat let's see if we are able to get like how about that? yeah it's not going to work let's see if we can get a counter it's not going to work ah, there you go listen there ah I want to just visualize, go to homepage but this is bad I have my own products, I can just go easy but yeah, it's not going to work ah yeah as a buyer people will scroll and then they will see how am I using that because they just say something about their company so this is bad no, no, like it's not bad, it's not bad as long as it's like this, it's good so, like if you have a good product oh no, like if you have a good product like 2, 2, 2 so like, and I'm about to either this or this or you give me the option ah you give me I want to say it like you give me the option you know how to choose like I choose this, this it's like, it's straightforward oh yeah it's straightforward do you want to explore what is happening or just do you want to sell and do it ok then but this time you're not confused VP, as to the buyer there's communities up there then they explore the pulse like, what is what so you do explore the pulse or go to the community go to the communities and then explore the pulse and then you come, you're finding a future find your opportunity find your opportunity and explore the pulse it's just the same basically then you don't need to have it in different words how many times do you need to have it in different words do you need to have it in different words try something new confuse the yeah yeah confuse you have to confuse your own punish before you can understand ok at the at the let me, let me let me say the buyer ok, wait, wait wait, wait ok, first of all the buyer does not play the account but then it's yeah, first of all first of all, that is the thing that is the thing like I can give you let me tell you something as somebody who's technical in IT do you know how many accounts we've been creating same as that day like same as that day and that day and that day 5000 accounts yeah, I've seen you I said that yeah no, like 5000 accounts and let me tell you maybe you'll have something that you want to design look at that that would be a waste of space memory so the buyer the buyer doesn't need an account doesn't doesn't need an account so it's all about having that one I think yeah, yeah so he doesn't need to log in or sign up no those will be available for the sellers not the buyers oh yeah so for the for the if you if you if you if you as a way to market yourself somebody will be asking maybe that curious people will be asking why is it there, login like why don't I become a seller like people will be asking why can't like why can't I log in why can't I become a seller anyway what's behind, yeah so if you're a seller there's another information you can change because actually you can just you can log in or sign up and see It's easier, it's easier. No, no, no, it's not good. If it's not good, it will make the buyers interested, those who want to sell to us.

Those who want to join us. I mean, like, that is just a figure of speech, like, it will make our interested. To be a seller.

There is a way it can be a seller. Like, it can both be a seller and a buyer. Yeah, it can be both a seller and a buyer.

Under one account. Under one account. Yeah, under one account.

There is a need to be two accounts. Yeah. Because, you know, I don't know if you are a seller, but what do you do? What I do is, if it's bad, I come and sell it to you.

I don't think you are confused, but you are lagging behind. So, one account for a buyer and a seller. Yeah, one account.

Do you know why? Because of the resources back in Bukwaka. Now, your memory is going to make us so much. I'm amazingly tired.

Your memory is going to make us so much. So, the only thing that you need is an account for the seller. Exactly.

But if a buyer wants to become a seller, they have the same account. The only thing that you need is an account. Most likely, they wouldn't have Bukwaka today.

They wouldn't have Bukwaka today. It's a social network for real competition. Why does it not sound good? Why does it not sound good? I don't mean all that bad.

Why does it not sound good? It doesn't sound so, like, bad. So, it's just abrupt. But it makes sense.

Like, social network for real competition. For real competition. Social network for real competition.

What's competence? Ah, yeah. Competence is I want to, like, I want to be on a skill level in the other. It's a very good tagline.

Move beyond transactions. Beyond trust. Maybe you tell them, get up here, and who's looking here? The kids are looking here.

So, maybe when you start, maybe you get into the real idea in the car. Because even if you write the social network for real competition, maybe it makes sense. So, you move beyond transactions I think that can I want to share a seller.

Like, to tell them, like, or or or or or or or So, you know, the social network for real competition, that's the best tagline. Then, explore the past, start selling. It's a bad example, man.

Explore the past, start selling. Explore the past, start selling. Leave it, leave it, leave it.

Let it be, let it be, let it be, isn't it? That's good. It's still good. It's still good.

But I make a trust with you first, the infrastructure. And then... What we're talking about, what we're talking about... I don't know, maybe I've seen it in movies, but what we're talking about... I don't know what we're talking about. You're the one who's telling me to shake this money.

I know people are doing it, yes, yes. They see something, how it is, it's the best, it's the best. So this is the vision? No, no, that's the vision.

Like what you've written. Like how it is. It's the best, change it within five years.

Thank you, thank you. That's the best. You see, these little details make it look like a song.

Change it within five years, after you've seen how it has played. Yeah, exactly. So as much as... Not to move beyond transaction.

But... Change it. So up on the Senadash mode, I move on the same one. I feel like it's changing.

Your name, those little details, move beyond. It goes to the Senadash mode. Ok, ok, let me control this.

You see, as much as you know, that raw idea you have, you see, the little details you put in, before you take it out, you don't take it out because you're afraid it'll come and judge you, those little things, don't judge. Change it within five years. You say, where is it? And after you put it in, it's something else.

I'm focusing on the Jackson, the song. Because musically speaking... It does not matter if you want to enter into the payment, just type the password So I write that on the password? Just type the password there and you can send an email to us How is that? Just keep quiet. We want to hear from you.

Let's talk a little here and there. Not a problem. We will leave you here so you can explore the Palace.

What are we going to talk about? Explore the Palace. Now, this is your brief. Communities, join the network that matches your competence, explore hubs, marketplace paths.

Can you explain this to me? Can you explain this to me? What is this? I found it on first community reach. It's unknown to you, it's your first time. How many of you are on YouTube? Type.

It's like having 20 videos of YouTube on that, like it's having 20 marketplaces, like communities like that. It's like having 20 videos of YouTube on that, like it's having 20 marketplaces, like communities like that. Yes, if you go to Pinterest or Instagram, you can see the account of the first person, second person, but this is different in terms of a community of a teacher, a coder, an engineer, an artisan, a mathematician, people who have the same type of knowledge they are selling, so they are grouped here.

So they are grouped here, like that community. But that will not be like algorithmic, it will be indexed. Yes, they will be grouped.

Yes, they will be grouped. That's why I'm telling you it has to be polished. They will be grouped.

They will be grouped here. Then, because I still see there are some people, or even grouping is not a good thing. Right? Yes.

Grouping is very complex, right? Yes. Just grouping. Then if you click on group, it will take you to that community.

Yes, that community. Then in that community, you will see those people offering what skills that the guy wants. Or the future is whereby, if it continues, it continues well.

It's actually this. Huh? This is the next big thing. If it's coding, like the algorithm has learned some aspect of this in the coders, right? They are grouping to coders.

Exactly. So if you have coders, or coding, it takes you to a community of coders. This is the thing.

I don't know where it is. I don't know where it is. So like, you make an artist here, coders.

You make a lecturer. Just think of this community. Then I click here, and it takes me to the group of people offering what? Search kind of knowledge.

Exactly. So what I'm going to do is go there, and I'm going to go to Marketplace Hub. Here there is a search.

I'm going to search here, you know. I'm going to filter out. The thing is, that search was taken.

You had a search here. Where is it now? I'm going to say there is something big. But now you know.

Here there will be a grouping of speakers you wrote together. Ah, yes. So here in Explore Hub, there will be communities being grouped into this, that they are going to then open into a new page.

Like, this is there. Then, from that new page, then let's go. Jackson.

Then I can go to his WhatsApp. Or I can talk to him. Or I can make a quote.

Or I can make a phone call. Story mentioned, and I'm going to show you. It is working.

That in the next 10 years. Don't say if. In the next 10 years.

It's a bit about your past. I'm going to tell you. The most serious way to get this thing running.

Not only YouTube. Not only Word of Mouth. No, no.

Jackson. The best way to make something grow. Not by Word of Mouth.

It's not only by the sellers. No, no, no. Buyers.

No, no, no. The other avenues. Like, you can pay to get advertised.

Yeah. You can make to get advertised. You can create videos on YouTube.

Showing how some buyers benefit. Or showing how. No.

You can sell it. You can talk to sellers. Say, how do you benefit from our site? The sellers that will be there.

You ask them, how do you benefit from our site? Get lecturers. Less billing. Less billing.

Lecture. The way to make it grow. The way to make it grow.

Will be not on. The sellers alone. On.

This is the. In one year, I'm telling you. If you polish this.

If you polish this. In one year. It will be like.

In one year. The back end, front end expanding. It's not a social platform.

It needs to be up and running. It will not be like on the. The way.

Downtown. Don't be affected by that. Don't be affected by that.

Because it's just posting. And actually showing the community. Exactly.

It's not about actually talking as much. It's not about messaging. Messaging.

Messaging. It's not about structure. Because it's social.

It's. He's Polish, but we're not talking about him because he's not Polish. If you tell him Jackson, he'll be like, no, you tell someone else, they'll be like, no, you tell them.

But it's not like I'm the one who started it. I'm still here. You have to show them how you do this.

You have to show them how to do business. I'm not going to do it. No, no, I'm not going to do it.

I'm going to do it. I told Devia, I told Sandevi, I told Edea, I told everyone on Facebook. I told Edea about this business, even here.

I drafted a business plan, a small one, here. I told her that this is the business plan we need. We need to know how we survive in the business we need.

As long as it's tech-quality. In tech-quality, we need to know how we can work with tech. Because their technologies are rising, we need to at least see how they are.. Not AI.

Not AI. There are technologies that we need to adapt to. This does not run on a computer.

It does not run on a mobile phone. It also runs on Apple, Android. It runs on different platforms. 

How will it run? How will it run? So that's the kind of research we need to do. That's the kind of research we need to do. That's all for now.

Thank you.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)