(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

How do you actually work with such, like using Whatsapp as your base of getting to like customers, getting to actually interact with people like you do with the buyers, So, I'm Sela, right? Yes, I'm Sela. I'm Sela. So, tell me, if I'm your buyer, how do you like to work with such people? Alright. 

So, the first thing, because I usually sell knowledge, I sell knowledge, that is course. So, the first thing is to make sure that you ensure that you're a customer, not that you're competent in whatever you're doing, because actually I'm not selling a good for my case, it's a course. So, I love to show that customer I am competent. 

So, once I do several projects, then I post them to my status or to several groups, then people can view them, then after flyer, like that indicates the cost of the course. So, now, once someone reach me, he can maybe ask me for more details about the same, so he can... So, you like, you now push first the product, and if once furthermore, he comes back to you via Whatsapp, he has a video. Yes, I don't send him directly, I tell him I'm posting status in WhatsApp maybe.

Yes, and now he's reaching you. Yes, what brings me to him is to see his work. So, once the person sees my work, and he's like, hey, how can I not do this? So, now when someone reach you like that... So, you bring in a bond first, right? Yes, a bond. 

No one will reach him directly in the box. For example, if you look here, let's say for example, someone like this lady, let's see, this was my post, I asked her, is there a training in Rivet? No, so it went through, she came and told me, I'm inquiring about the physical training, can I get AutoCAD course outline? Do you train structural detailing in AutoCAD? Yeah, I do, to advanced level. So, you see, this person who came to direct, let's see another one.

So, you posted it via your channel? Yes, I posted it via my WhatsApp. What are the terms? So, I replied. So, currently, we are going on.

So, we will start right away. For example, I make it, I try it, hello, are you there? You can see, this is another lady, let me see, Deborah, we have this lady. Also, it's another one, I'm still training her.

So, you can see, So, basically, what is AutoCAD in short? AutoCAD is a software used by engineers. Actually, AutoCAD is a training software, you can use it to design buildings like this one, you can use it to design mechanical parts, electrical. So, AutoCAD is a general training software, but we have other software like Akina, I still train.

You mean the technology? Yeah, those are technical softwares, they are used by architectural and engineers. So, let me get your point. First, you can tell your value, how you posted your AutoCAD? My work, not AutoCAD, but my work, because I have three softwares, I teach three softwares. 

I have AutoCAD, Akina and all its work. So, it's all about engineering? Yeah, all of them. Engineering and technology at the same time? Yeah, engineering, technology and architecture.

Architecture. So, basically, your value is bringing like the knowledge, the knowledge is the value first. Yeah, that is it.

Then your customers reach out to you via DM, that's actually creating a trusting layer. Then after that, you teach them and you get your... So, how do you get more feedback and like, do you charge for it or what do you do? Yeah, I charge. See, I have a flyer about... I have to charge, I don't do... You can see, I have my flyer here.

You can see, I have my flyer here. This is my flyer. Master design software for full-time packages online courses for 8,000, 6,000 or 6,000.

So, you post via the flyer, via WhatsApp. So, the customers may need to actually ask you more questions and charges. The flyer has shown everything.

So, the reason why I created the flyer is to avoid a lot of questions. And to make it like it's descriptive already. Yeah, so, already I have everything. 

So, once I post it, someone maybe... If maybe someone wants to bargain a little bit or else... You talk via WhatsApp. Yeah, or else... So, like, you are making yourself descriptive by the flyer. Yeah. 

So, once someone enters my IBM, we don't have a lot of questions. Yeah. You have everything. 

So, it's only maybe when can you... How can you schedule my lessons? So, how do you put on scaling? Like, what are you going to do for scaling? Sorry? What are you going to do to scale out your knowledge? Like, your way of actually doing almost engineering, technological stuff. So, how do you suppose to do the future? How do you want to put in the future? Like, what's your next move? Okay, my target is to open an academy, but an online. Online, because once I sell my course, maybe, for example, I sell it to you.

Then after, once you're done, you see that you are good in it now. So, you can just... You know that when it comes to sell, when you sell to someone, to a single person, we call it a sale. When that person refers someone to you, we call it a trust.

Trust, yeah. Then once, now, the third party now brings you a customer, we call it we have just built a brand. So, my level, what I'm targeting, actually, I'm targeting to have an online academy, because now, I will find that I'm getting maybe two students, one student.

Given that, in future, I'm just planning to have one. This is a big thing, yeah. So, basically, what am I trying to do? I'm trying to put out, like, do you see how Jumia works? Although yours is actually different from what Jumia does, but I was thinking of making something like a product scale for, like, Kenyans.

There are no jobs in Kenya. But people go through social media every single day. You can't even pass a few seconds or minutes.

What if there was a way whereby social media, instead of being more destructive, but instead to be more compound and economic? Yeah, it is, actually. It is, actually. You know, actually, social media, it's much... Example of TikTok.

Being real, yeah, being real. On your first content, do you see a product or do you see an entertainment? Okay, it's entertainment. But as you keep on scrolling, maybe you can come across something... You come across something, a product.

That's after viewing how many entertainments a day. A hundred plus entertainments. What if there's a way that a machinery can actually... When you plug in, it's all about product. 

It's all about creating a network. But you know, okay, social media isn't a bad thing. What I should know is who is handling it.

Who is handling it is the problem. Because you find that someone like me, I'm using my data, I'm using my laptop, I'm using my phone to do constructive things. Someone else is using the same whatever I have, actually, to do destructive things.

So, even at the end of the day, it's about you. What are you choosing? Either you choose this way or this way. It's all about you.

Because, for example, if I say that my campus life, it was somehow too busy because I didn't learn the software. That's why now I'm competent even to teach three of them. I used my time to start them.

But you find that someone else uses the same time, the same Wi-Fi, whatever, to waste himself or herself. That's why you find that it's all about who you are. Because, actually, now you find that there is someone who has just arrived to their place and he's just relaxing somewhere, watching TikTok.

Someone else is now trying to capture something to do on his or her laptop. The same people have a laptop. So, it's all about the way you use your time and the way you utilize the social media.

I'm using my social media to post my work and get clients. You're using social media to post memes. You see, at the end of the day, I'm gaining something, you're not gaining something.

So, you find that at the end of the day, it's all about the way you use it. I can't see any effect about social media. It's all about how you use it.

I'm still trying to figure that out. But I'm at this moment, like, thinking, many Kenyans are actually posting their work on WhatsApp, on Facebook, on Instagram. I tried Facebook, but I find that, because I don't have a... Not even a... I find that in Facebook, most of the people I have there, if they have a blog, they will go to the blog.

But in WhatsApp, I find that most of the people I have in my contact, they are students. Also, they are people I know, most of them. But you find that in Facebook, we have every kind of person.

It's not even that getting the responses... It's kind of hard. Yeah, but when it comes to WhatsApp, at least some people... It's straight to the point. Yeah, straight to the point.

Well, Facebook is a big place. But WhatsApp is the biggest because it's straight to the point. You're telling yourself to market a certain job.

No, I'm not. You find that if you post maybe two or three times per week, maybe... But what I should say that, actually, growing a business isn't an easy thing. Because for the first time, to get my first client, I did it continuously for a full month.

Full class. I think around two months, without getting anyone, anybody to teach. And all of a sudden, I just came across the first client.

After that, I came across the second client. Currently, I have two classes per day. I have two classes.

All under social commerce, social dynamic now. Yeah, through status. You are posting memes.

I'm posting my content. And actually, if there is something that will come to pay in the future, or else that can maybe establish you is having content and being competent. Because people need... People, they have this tendency of being relaxed.

They are kind of lazy. So that once they saw you having something that looks good, they are just like, I want to reach out. I want to thank you.

Even the engineers, they don't want to go to YouTube and maybe do research. But once they see you can do it, they just want that easy way of getting it now. Oh, doing shortcuts.

I can do this. So they just need that. And that's why now I'm there for them.

Even that at the end of the day. So the content. The content is very important.

Yes, I have something that you can sell it. And let it be. And nobody can go with my knowledge.

I'm just working with my machine. Actually, the same software, I back up them on my browser. So for example, I just moved to Nairobi without a machine.

I can just get any other machine, access my email, download the software, and then I can just drive. So it's all about how you think, what you use to do... Actually, what matters a lot is how you use your time. Time matters a lot.

Because the thing that most of us, we just like to waste time. For example, once you leave at this place, you find that someone has just gone to do whatever he needs. They're not caring about their life.

So it's all about ensuring people just focus on this guy's life. To reach maybe engineers from... Australia. Rome.

Nairobi, maybe. So all you're missing is the vast connection layer, whereby you can bridge out someone... Or I can reach maybe a big number of people. A big number of people.

It's all about the connection. And actually targeting the engineers. That is networking, yeah? Networking.

Yeah, it's networking. Because you're trying to build a community. Yeah, that is it.

So actually, I agree with you. Earlier, I was telling you about something I was thinking of. Social commerce, community, and even marketing.

Like bridging out... It's kind of like, if you look at WhatsApp, it's individual. Facebook, it's individual and a community. Instagram, individual community.

TikTok, individual community. But what if you start selling a community first? Creating that one seller to bridging five buyers. Like, you're a seller, knowledge.

Yeah, that's good. Other seller is on laptops. Other seller is on technology, fashion, and corporate activity.

They come and bridge out a community. And they reach out to, let's say, to a network of buyers. So that's what I'm actually thinking.

But instead of you putting your effort on posting and posting, you can just post once and reach out to a network of buyers. Yes, a big number. A big number of people.

Students. That is it. Students, like an investor, an entrepreneur, an idea guy, anyone can reach out.

That's a good idea. So you find that these things actually... But you find that... All right, all right. You find that also there is one thing that I can limit you to.

You find that, for example, when it comes to my site, I'm not used to Instagram. I'm also not used to IG. I'm also not used to... I'm not used to social life.

Yeah, maybe whatever I'm used to. Maybe WhatsApp and Facebook a little bit. Yeah, so you find that there are the social media softwares I haven't been used to using.

So you find that the way I'm using WhatsApp now, if previously I had interaction with the same software, I would have used them to sell my market, my course. You see? So it's all about whatever. It's all about what you have first.

It's all about what you have. What are you familiar to? Because I know that... Now, for example, I don't think I have Instagram on my phone. Neither do I. I'm using Telegram.

So you find that if I don't have it, I can't go there and open it again today and just... And start. Yeah. It's actually a lot easier.

I just have that knowledge of WhatsApp a little bit. And I have used it for a long time. So like you want a friendly business system.

Ah, exactly. Friendly business system. So you find that.

But what I should tell people is all about assistance and persistence. Let me tell you, you can try something today and you'll fail. And you try next week and you fail.

And the next week, but one, and you fail. If you decided to quit at that level, you have failed now. So what you should do, do it at least maybe... You can try even for several years.

Not even months. Several years before you quit. I don't prefer that.

Because I usually know that... And it can't be... It can't stay the same. Reaching out, I still act like you. Yeah, you are like... I'm lucky enough to get my first sale.

Because I've been seeking for a week. I've been looking for my friends and telling them... If you hear me say I'm not doing any productivity, like selling goods or... So you're the first. The first one.

That's like I'm lucky already. Because when I got there, Ike was like, Bye. I said, hey man.

Let me talk to your kids. So I was thinking and thinking. I'm relaxed.

I've already put out the message. So it's up to the people actually, who are going to actually help me. So even back at Madam Regina, I'm going to emphasize.

I was like, okay, let me rephrase it again. I'm going to fight individually. That's what I was looking for.

Okay, I heard you talking about it and I knew that you were just talking about the same thing I'm doing. So I'm like, okay, just... That's exactly what I was looking for. A person who's actually willing to help me.

Doing something with WhatsApp, Instagram, any other social media platform. But in order to make a product, in order to make a value with something that he has. So that's what I was looking for.

I was looking for someone who was making value. So it's not actually going ambiguous. What if there's a network, where it reaches Kenya? Like, speaking of, that's what's up.

It's U.S. But Kenya, is there any profit you're getting from Kenya? Like, literally your data is in U.S. It's not in Kenya. It's in U.S. So what if there's like a Kenyan individual, or an African individual, can have such a lot of software and make an income in his country and go vast with the world. All right.

You know, okay, what I'm... Okay, I'm trying to... What I'm trying, but I'm in the process of learning web development. That's what I'm doing, I'm learning web development. You do it, eh? Yeah, I'm doing web development.

I'm doing full stack. I'm in Mongo, Express, React, Node. So now, web development, most of my things, I usually prefer doing them myself.

So, yeah, I'm just doing it on my... I can just pay someone to create for me a website, but I still, I can do it. I can learn, because I'm not that person who is not... I'm good in learning, eh? So I can just learn how to create a website, and create one for myself. So once I create this stuff, it will be easier for me still to sell my course.

I sell my course. And actually, when it comes to about registration with my student, at least it can have somehow a legit way of registering my student. And also, I'm planning to go ahead and... As I've told you that I am just dreaming to have maybe an academy.

So I register my academy, so that I can still offer certificate to the students once I teach them. Because actually, I'm teaching several institutions. So if I'm teaching them, and they are being offered certificate from their schools, I can still offer them certificate.

Okay, this idea, actually, I heard of it because I had a friend of mine who's doing e-commerce. He's doing, he sells perfumes. So when he reached me with the WhatsApp group, he had a question like, okay, this concept is done in China and India.

In China, they use something called Pindondo. It's just what I'm trying to do, social commerce. Social commerce, but under communities.

And I mentioned doing the same thing. So I can say, and I heard of Olex, Jumi, and Kilimu. They all died because of one thing.

They all thought of marketplace, not just layer first. Because right now in Spain, Kenyans are getting more and more frowning. I mean, frowning is a meme.

So there's no way that. Whatever I'm selling, one thing about whatever I'm selling, is I'm selling competence. I'm selling knowledge, competence.

And for someone maybe to trust me, he doesn't need to see my work. So if he can see my work, he don't have to. And if you can prove to it with like simple things.

Yeah, he can just see my work. Or I can just send some projects. If she wish maybe to have a certain class.

Actually, my project, all I have, that they have some symbols, which shows that they are done by me. So you don't have a lot of presence. Because it's describing what you have done.

Yeah. The short context of the flyer and the work that you have done. Until the flyer is just to see whatever.

It is bringing the point of context. Yeah. Then ship.

Thank you, Maze. You are actually the first person I'm trying to.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)